It's called cement.
It solidifies.
Canals can be built
River diversion relieves silting
With stone bricks, you can build giant dikes
There will be no more water from now on
The Southeast Province can be guaranteed to be worry-free for a hundred years
You invented cement.
I am a modern person who configures cement, not vegetable mud.
Cement I never heard of it in the Qing Dynasty
Why do I think this thing can control floods?
Of course not by this alone
Southeast Water Huan must be ready for work
Persuading Lumen to participate in canal construction
Plus the effect of this cement
I promise not to speak Cantonese.
Southeast Sui Huan Ke Please
Fathers and ministers believe that the flood is no child's play
Never trust Qin Feiyang's nonsense
Xiaolang
You lead the army to prevent disasters
A little careless
It will provoke public illness and retire